I now present to you Jeff Jeffrey for
this time Jeff okay then I present to
you Jeffrey Dahmer in his command
performance
how the weights our
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm a shadow best friend Jeff's a little
off yeah yeah I think he's kind of Liris
[Music]
hey Jeff do you want to come sit at our
table I think we should form a fan club
with you as our fields leader we can
really disrupt this goal and it's been
difficult with your mother so when I
moved into a motel take a deep breath
are you okay
my daughter in the bag
[Music]
you seemed healthy to me
what about what's on a patient's mind I
need to talk about Jeff want to talk to
somebody about I see things in you that
I don't like about myself I want you to
have friends in ways that I never could
I thought you stopped that always showed
me what to do just like you just like
you I like bones it interesting that
what's inside
Dahmer you weren't such a freak he's not
a sideshow attraction there's having fun
you know get out of your shell he'd be
more normal I'm just like anybody else
you
[Music]